0x13B6A
The glyph has inwards curving horns. As I commented elsewhere for 0x130FE, the evidence in the TSL shows that
the curvature of horns is highly variable in actual inscriptions, 
and thereby the description may be overspecific. How about just "with horns"?

0x13B79
"Written over" suggests the jackal occludes view of part of the band. Is it then "band written over jackal"?

0x13B7B
In the glyph, it appears the mace head is towards the front (but at the back of the head of the jackal).
The Database points to p. 45, l. 3 and pl. 32 of:
<p>
https://www.ifao.egnet.net/uploads/publications/enligne/Temples-Dendara011.pdf
<p>
The transcription seems to confirm the glyph is wrong, and the mace head is on the right. The photo is less clear.
The transcription also seems to suggest the mace is curved, but this is less important, as it may be an idiosyncrasy
of the token rather than a feature of the type.
<p>
By the way, this example also shows why it never made any sense to treat overlays with "non-compositional" meaning any differently from
overlays with "compositional" meaning. With the overlay control, the graphical form would have been determined by the encoder, who could
if necessary use the mirroring control or variation selectors for rotation to choose an appropriate orientation of the mace. The Database
suggests that there are several variants of this sign, and one probably wouldn't want to introduce code points for all of them.
<p>
The term "compositionality" is problematic for Ancient Egyptian anyway. There are many examples where a combination of
two signs combined with a simple vertical or horizontal joiner has a meaning that is not a composition 
of the meanings of the constituent signs.
There is no shortage of (non-overlaid) hieroglyphs, and we won't run out of new signs to add anytime soon, 
so why add more signs than necessary?

0x13B88 0x13B89 0x13B8B
In the Database I find:
<p>
"overlay, but likely to difficult to render correctly with overlay tools."
<p>
Wanting to get the appearance to be "perfect" is generally a pretty bad reason to include composed signs as atomic code points, and if you were to follow the same reasoning consistently you would need to include many dozens if not hundreds of composed signs, not just for overlays but also for insertions.  Even for the vertical joiner, one could make the appearance more "perfect" if a hare becomes flatter, which is why Gardiner had E034A (0x130FA) in his font. But E034A was deprecated (made legacy) for good reasons!
<p>
HieroJax already has provisions to fine-tune the appearance of overlays, insertions and more. Cf.
<p>
https://nederhof.github.io/hierojax/ligaturelist.html
<p>
It appears to be an internally inconsistent strategy to deprecate existing composed signs in the basic sign list like 0x131A5 for nsw-bjtj (which is actually pretty difficult to get "perfect" if encoded compositionally) while introducing new composed signs in the extended sign list.
<p>
For nsw-bjtj see Points 9 and 10 of the Encoding Principles in:
<p>
https://www.unicode.org/reports/tr57/tr57-4.html
<p>
In particular under Point 10:
<p>
"However, exceptions can be made for signs which are widely used"
<p>
I would say that if exceptions can be made, then nsw-bjtj is a reasonable candidate for an exception. But 0x13B88 and 0x13B89 and 0x13B8B are not.
<p>
Moreover, for 0x13B88 and 0x13B8B, "written over" suggests the mouth occludes view of part of the antelope. If this is not what is meant then use a different phrase, e.g. "overlaid with". Similarly, for 0x13B89, the glyph conversely suggests the antelope is over the ribs.

0x13B91
"sun disks" ? I only see one sun disk in the middle. Are the uraei to have sun disks instead? The glyph doesn't have these. Is the sun disk in the middle correct? That is not mentioned in the description.

ok 0x13BB3
The "vertical" does not appear accurate. In Unicode 17, the UniKemet description has been adjusted to have "pointing upwards".

0x13BB9
It is difficult to recognize what the glyph is meant to depict. 
In Unicode 17, the glyph has been improved on the basis of a photo of
two tokens, but it remains difficult to recognize all the mentioned elements from the description.
My suggestion would be to adjust the description to something shorter and less specific like "Stylized bent leg of a bovid".

0x13BDF 0x13125
I understand that 0x13BDF was introduced as a variant of 0x13125 mainly for the use with insertions. This is a terrible
idea, for at least three reasons.
<p>
First, it assumes that a font cannot detect whether a sign is used with
or without an insertion and then automatically select an appropriate
glyph for that sign. For HieroJax that is absolutely not the case and I
cannot imagine that it is a problem for OpenType either. The task of
placing an inserted group in the correct position, and scaling it
appropriately, is several orders of magnitude more difficult than simply
detecting co-occurrence of two characters.
<p>
Second, even if you assume that font technology is incapable of
selecting the most appropriate glyph depending on whether or not it is
used with insertion, you need a general design, as opposed to
arbitrarily introducing extra code points for one or two signs for this
purpose. There are many signs, perhaps dozens if not hundreds, that change their
appearance depending on whether they are used with or without insertion.
Much more common examples are U+1312A and U+1312B and U+13257
but separate code points for those for the purpose of insertions were not introduced.
<p>
See how HieroJax handles these, by selecting appropriate glyphs
depending on insertion:
<p>
https://nederhof.github.io/hierojax/insertionlist.html
<p>
Third, once you have introduced minor graphical variations as core
independent code points, for the purpose of insertions, then you cannot
prevent encoders from using those code points *without* insertions. They
can then try to encode minor variations in dimensions, or just
arbitrarily pick one or the other code point for the same sign. This
helps no one, and is only a nuisance for standardization.

ok 0x13BE1
From Unicode 17, the description clarifies that there are two distinct types of buds.

0x13BFB
Correct "of" to "off"?

ok 0x13C1F
In Unicode 16, the glyph looks like a 45° rotation. Unicode 17 corrected the rotation of the glyph to 90°.

ok 0x13C4B 0x13C4C
In Unicode 17, the UniKemet description of 0x13C4C was clarified to mention the presence of lappets.

0x13C58 0x13C59
In Unicode 17, the description of 0x13C59 was corrected to omit "and a lappet".
I don't know why the description of 0x13C58 still has "straight feather" when the feather in the glyph is not straight.
I would simply omit "straight" as insignificant palaeographic detail.

0x13C5A
As herons generally have two feathers, there is not enough information to distinguish this from other heron signs.
In Unicode 17, the description was completed to "A gray heron (Ardea cinerea) with a downward curve tip at the beak and two feathers on its head". But please correct "curve" to "curved" or even better "with the tip of the beak curved downward".
